Обновление README (#119)
SemyonSinchenko/qmlcourse: README.md

## Team

> There is a not full list of core-members. The first is the nickname in the ODS slack and second is the GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a not full list of core members. The first is the nickname in the ODS slack and the second is the GitHub account.
```

Also, all authors for some updates are participants special channel into community ods.ai, join filling the form and write your nickname to orgs to add you to the channel.

- @stm ([GitHub](https://github.com/stalkermustang)): Python
- @maruschin ([GitHub](https://github.com/maruschin)): Python
- @sharthZ23 ([GitHub](https://github.com/sharthZ23)): Python, NumPy
- @alex.ozerin ([GitHub](https://github.com/m12sl)): NumPy, math
- @yorko ([GitHub](https://github.com/Yorko)): ML intro, advanced SVM
- @nkarelin ([GitHub](https://github.com/karelin)): quantum entropy and mixed states
- @gamlo ([GitHub](https://github.com/ooovector)): hardware
- @Sergei Shirkin ([GitHub](https://github.com/SergeiShirkin)): PennyLane, Deutsch, Grover
- @sem ([GitHub](https://github.com/SemyonSinchenko)): multiple lectures
- @zimka ([GitHub](https://github.com/zimka)): quantum chemistry
- @Aleksandr Berezutskii ([GitHub](https://github.com/meandmytram)): D-Wave, Barren plateau

### Editors

- @nmarkova([GitHub](https://github.com/nsmarkova))

### Orgs

- @yorko([GitHub](https://github.com/Yorko))

> - @vtrohymenko([GitHub](https://github.com/vtrohymenko))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @vtrohimenko([GitHub](https://github.com/vtrokhymenko))
```

### DevOps

- _not in ODS slack_ [GitHub](https://github.com/SergeiShirkin)

## Join ODS

> To join the ODS-community slack you need to fill the form [here](https://ods.ai/join-community). After filling the form contact us via [email](mailto:qmlcourse.ods@gmail.com) and send the ODS registration email and date of the registration. After that we add you to the closed channel in the ODS Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join the ODS-community slack you need to fill the form [here](https://ods.ai/join-community). After filling the form contact us via [email](mailto:qmlcourse.ods@gmail.com) and send the ODS registration email and date of the registration. After that, we add you to the closed channel in the ODS Slack.
```

  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/SemyonSinchenko/qmlcourse.ai}},
}
```

## Legal Issues

> You can communicate course orgs wia [email](mailto:qmlcourse.ods@gmail.com). Please email us first if you found an intellectual property rights violation in the course materials or if you want using the course materials not under the CC-BY-4.0 License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can communicate with course orgs via [email](mailto:qmlcourse.ods@gmail.com). Please email us first if you found an intellectual property rights violation in the course materials or if you want to use the course materials, not under the CC-BY-4.0 License.
```
